In 2017, I was the treasurer for a prestigious bank in Nicaragua and I was the father of a one-year-old son.
We were very happy, but then I lost my job.
So I said, I have the experience and Jehovah will help me find another job.
Something similar and I kept looking for jobs but doors kept closing.
I felt very tense, it made me feel very useless, like I can't even provide for my family.
It was something very difficult for me.
Proverbs 17 and 17 says, a true friend shows love at all times and is a brother who is born for times of distress.
And I have seen this come true in my life.
When I lost my job at the bank, well I felt very depressed, troubled, tense, and I have a good friend that I can talk to.
And when I told him how I was feeling, he told me, look Miguel, don't look for the same line of work.
Maybe what you need to do is make a change in your life.
Why don't you find some simple work outside of an office for a time that can help you to keep your eye simple and allow you to provide for your family?
I watched my wife make bread for our family and one day I told her, I'm going to make that bread, but not for our family.
I'm going to make it to sell.
So she told me, no, are you crazy?
It was a big change right from having a position at a bank and handling a lot of money to selling on the street.
So I told her, look, I'm going to put this hat on and I put like a chef's hat on and I told her, I'll be back in less than an hour.
Whether I sell or not, and that's what happened.
And to her surprise, I came back without any bread.
So when I got ready to leave the second time to sell, she said, okay, go, but leave the hat here.
I also started to iron clothes for people in their homes.
And it looks strange because normally where we live, that type of work is done by a woman.
But for a man to go and iron clothes at someone's home, you don't see that.
But I didn't want to just sit back with my arms crossed and see what would happen.
No, I had to put my hands to work to earn a living for my family.
So I would preach one day and the next day I would iron clothes.
The next day I would preach and the day after that I would go out and sell bread.
So my mind was always occupied on doing something, either for the kingdom or my family.
And that helped me a lot.
Now I have a stable job.
I work at a hardware store.
Man, I feel that peace.
The universities have made me stronger.
And overall, I have a much closer relationship with Jehovah.
But I'm still making bread.
And at home, yeah, I'm the one who iron's the clothes.